Evaluate the mathematical expression: 3 + 5 x 6 - 4
29

If x represents the area of the number line colored blue, which inequality accurately reflects the value of x? https://codehs.com/uploads/2e1a8291c6e046f9b62cc189c17b98e2
x ≤ 6

Six identical circles fit inside the rectangle as shown below. If the rectangle has a width of 15 units and a height of 10 units, what is the radius of each circle?https://codehs.com/uploads/75d52651ead124d14c1f919f9c3e5b65
2.5 units

Karel the Dog is instructed to move forward three spaces. Then, if Karel is standing on a ball, Karel will turn right and move forward two spaces. Otherwise, Karel will turn around and move forward two spaces. Given the starting point below, where will Karel end up? Starting Point: https://codehs.com/uploads/765ff12426ad2c0e3ed38114bc5a3a5e
https://codehs.com/uploads/86d1e40eeb4d2a4401bd61705001fbdf

Which of the following describes a task effectively broken into smaller parts? I. Looking for similarities between different bicycles II. Ignoring unnecessary details in a math problem III. Getting ready for school by getting dressed and eating breakfast
II and III

Consider the following program code: var sum = 0;for(var i = 0; i < 5; i++)    sum += i;
}
println(sum);
What is the result of running this program code?
15 is printed

Consider the following program code:
var x = 4;var y = 6;var temp = x;x = y;y = temp;What are the values of x and y as a result of this program code?
x has a value of 6 y has a value of 4

John will buy school lunch if they are serving pizza or grilled cheese and he has more than $10 in his wallet. Otherwise, John will bring lunch. In which of the following cases will John buy lunch?
John has $15 and they are serving pizza

What is the difference between a for loop and a while loop?
A for loop repeats commands a specific number of times and a while loop repeats until a condition becomes false.

How many times would the phrase ‘codeHS’ be printed in the following scenario:
repeat 3 times {
    repeat 2 times {
        println("codeHS");
    }
}
6 times

What is the total number of times Karel moves when the code below is run?
function moveForward() {
    for(var i = 0; i < 5; i++) {
        move();
    }
}

moveForward();
moveForward();
10

What will the following program do when run?
var name = readLine("Name? ");
println("Name is: " + name);
The program will ask the user for their name and then will print Name is: with the name they entered

What would be printed to the screen when the following program is run?
function returnNumber(x) {
    return x *5;
}
println(returnNumber(2));
10

What will be the output of the following program?
var circle = new Circle(100);
circle.setPosition(getWidth()/2, getHeight()/2);
circle.setColor(Color.blue);
add(circle);
https://codehs.com/uploads/865e9b8eeb5eb5d2db148a0d8a30a4e0

What would be the output of the following code?
var number = 6;
if (number < 5) {
    println("Hi");
} else {
    println("Hello");
}
Hello